---
layout:     post
title:      xxx
subtitle:  xxx
date:       2020-5-20
author:  Nemo
header-img: img/post-bg-universe.jpg
catalog: true
tags:

- Teams-Meeting
- 
---

> 你是如何评价这篇文章的？用一句很简单的话

创作流程

- Typora > markdown > picgo 上传图片到GitHub
- 复制模板，填写文章信息，开始创作
- 通过Github Desktop上传文章

1. 不能使用Gitbub的图床，在国内无法访问




- AutoScreenShare
- HideMeetingName
   If true, meeting names are hidden.
- UserAccount
   Container for credentials parameters. The sign in address, Exchange address, or email address are usually the same, such as RanierConf@contoso.com.
- IsTeamsDefaultClient
   Is Microsoft Teams the Default for new Meetings
- BluetoothAdvertisementEnabled
   Support local Bluetooth beakoning
- SkypeMeetingsEnabled
   Support Skype for Business Meetings
- TeamsMeetingsEnabled
   Support Microsoft Terams Meetings
- DualScreenMode
   If true, dual screen mode is enabled. Otherwise the device uses single screen mode.
- SendLogs
   Configure the "Give Feedback" and "Report Issue"
- Devices
   The connected audio device names in the child elements are the same values listed in the Device Manager app.
   The configuration can contain a device that does not presently exist on the system, such as an A/V device not currently connected to the console.
   The configuration would be retained for the respective device.
- ThemeName
   Used to identify the theme on the client. The Theme Name options are Default, one of the provided preset themes, or Custom.
   Custom theme names always use the name Custom.
   The client UI can be set at the console to the Default or one of the presets, but use of a custom theme must be set remotely by an Administrator.
   Preset themes include:
   Default
   Blue Wave
   Digital Forest
   Dreamcatcher
   Limeade
   Pixel Perfect
   Roadmap
   Sunset
   To disable the current theme, use "No Theme" for the ThemeName.
- SkypeSignInAddress
   The sign in name for the Skype for Business or Teams device account.
- ExchangeAddress
   The sign in name for the Exchange device account.
- ExchangeAddress
   The domain and user name of the device, for example Seattle\RanierConf.
- Password
   The password parameter is the same password used for the Skype for Business device account sign-in.
- ConfigureDomain
   You can list several domains, separated by commas.
   Use one long string here!!!
- EmailAddressForLogsAndFeedback
   Sets an optional email address that logs can be sent to when the "Give Feedback" window appears.
- SendLogsAndFeedback
   If true, logs are sent to the admin. If false, only feedback is sent to the admin (and not logs).
- MicrophoneForCommunication
   Sets the microphone used as the recording device in a conference.
- SpeakerForCommunication
   Device to be used as speaker for the conference. This setting is used to set the speaker device used in a call.
- DefaultSpeaker
   Device to be used to play the audio from an HDMI ingest source.
- ContentCameraId
   Define the instance path for the camera configured in room to share analog whiteboard content in a meeting.
   See https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/MicrosoftTeams/room-systems/xml-config-file#locate-the-content-camera-usb-instance-path
   Please note: We replace "&" with "&amp;" for you!
   Just use the String you copied from the Device Manager/Imaging devices/Properties/Details/Device instance path
- ContentCameraInverted
   Specify if the content camera is physically installed upside down. For content cameras that support automatic rotation, specify false.
- ContentCameraEnhancement
   When set to true (the default), the content camera image is digitally enhanced: the whiteboard edge is detected and an appropriate zoom is selected, ink lines are enhanced, and the person writing on the whiteboard is made transparent.
   Set to false if you intend to send a raw video feed to meeting participants for spaces where a whiteboard is not drawn on with a pen and instead the camera is used to show sticky notes, posters, or other media.
.PARAMETER CustomThemeImageUrl
   Required for a custom theme, use file name only.
- RedComponent
   Represents the red color component.
- GreenComponent
   Represents the green color component.
- BlueComponent
   Represents the blue color component.



